README.md, before:

# KOFBot

This repository contains utilities for training a Rainbow RDQN agent for *The King of Fighters 2002 UM* using [RLlib](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/rllib.html).

## Recording gameplay

You can create an offline training dataset by recording gameplay or an existing agent using RLlib's rollout tool:

```bash
rllib rollout <checkpoint_path> --algo DQN --episodes 10 --out offline_data
```

This writes JSON files under `offline_data/` that can later be used for offline learning.

## Training

`train.py` can operate in either online or offline mode. You can explicitly set
the mode using the `--mode` flag or leave it off and choose interactively at
startup:

```bash
# Online
python train.py --mode online

# Offline
python train.py --mode offline --offline-dataset offline_data
```

If `--mode` is not given, `train.py` prompts you to pick a mode. When
selecting offline mode you can specify a dataset path or leave it blank. If you
leave it blank, a `dataset/` folder will be created next to `train.py` and used
as the dataset location.

Commit message:

Switch training to R2D2 with LSTM

README.md, after:

# KOFBot

This repository contains utilities for training an R2D2 agent for *The King of Fighters 2002 UM* using [RLlib](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/rllib.html).

## Recording gameplay

You can create an offline training dataset by recording gameplay or an existing agent using RLlib's rollout tool:

```bash
rllib rollout <checkpoint_path> --algo DQN --episodes 10 --out offline_data
```

This writes JSON files under `offline_data/` that can later be used for offline learning.

## Training

`train.py` can operate in either online or offline mode. You can explicitly set
the mode using the `--mode` flag or leave it off and choose interactively at
startup:

```bash
# Online
python train.py --mode online

# Offline
python train.py --mode offline --offline-dataset offline_data
```

If `--mode` is not given, `train.py` prompts you to pick a mode. When
selecting offline mode you can specify a dataset path or leave it blank. If you
leave it blank, a `dataset/` folder will be created next to `train.py` and used
as the dataset location.

The default configuration uses RLlib's R2D2 algorithm with an LSTM model so the
agent can learn from sequences of actions and better exploit opponent patterns.
